Charles Grayson looked at the metallic phone in his hands and felt ready. He walked over 
to the window sill and reflected on his surroundings - a community, he thought. He had 
always loved Los Angeles; it was a place of style and history as well as people (plenty 
per capita). It was a place that encouraged his voice, which he valued highly. Further down 
the block he saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the figure of Kid 
Jack. Kid was an . . . old friend . . . with hands as fast as his own. Charles 
grimaced. He glanced at his own reflection in the window pane. 

Charles himself was a driven, strong guy with a tall, toned physique. His friends 
saw him as a raspy-voiced dude who they could depend on like a rock. He was always there 
when they needed help, or someone to bounce an idea off of. One time he even chased 
down and saved a friend's car that was stolen off his driveway. Yet even a man with 
drive like that was prepared for what Kid had in store today.

The gray and rainy weather - which contrasted harshly with the sun and heat that normally 
covered the neighborhood - aplimified Charles' thoughts, who became defensive. As Charles 
stepped outside and Kid came closer, he could see that whack glint in his eye.

Kid glared at Charles; each iris was full of vengeance and anger. He said, in hushed tone, 
"Well if it ain't Charles, the traitor." Charles looked back even more defensive, and still 
palming the metallic phone alertly. "Kid J, don't act like you don't know what happened now; 
you chose that, not me" he replied.

They stared at each other agressively with mutually unforgiving feelings, like two bitter 
funeral atendees would, hearts bouncing to the beat of a low-rider barelling down the block.

Suddenly, Kid lunged forward and tried to blast Charles in the face; Charles used his arm 
to soften the blow. Quickly, Charles grabbed the metallic phone and brought it down on the 
side of Kid's skull. 

Kid stumbled a bit; his fast hands tremled in rage; bare knuckles shown, contrasting with 
the tatoos on his arm. He leaned in with a jab from his left, distracting Charles, and 
landed a clean overhand right on Charles' chin. Charles grunted, and kicked at the inside 
of the knee of Kid's supporting leg. Kid fell, with his back slightly turned away from 
Charles who was now wrapping an arm around his neck to begin choking him out.

"We both know you started this, and if you wanna step then I'll finish it then," Charles 
hollered in Kid's ear.

Billy and his friend Nathan ran over and pulled Charles off of Kid, who coughed on the 
ground for a second before dusting off his hands and crept away, chin up, masking what was 
undeniably utter dissapointment.

Charles went back inside and made himself a nice drink of apple cider soda. He knew it 
wasn't over; it's never ideal to get messed up when there were witnesses, he thought.